---
id: v2.3.0
title: v2.3.0 Latest
---

## What's New?
- Fix: 
    - Decoded string display, see [decode fix](#string-decoding).
- New: 
    - Encryption and decryption directory with threads (default behavior),
        see [encrypt dir](#encrypt-directory-using-threads) and [decrypt dir](#decrypt-directory-using-threads).
    - Encryption and decryption directory without threads (`--no-threads`), see [disable threads](#disable-threads).

## Fixes:
### String decoding:
In the previous versions, an explanatory message was displayed to identify the string after decoding. The message was as follows: 
`The encode:` Because the encode display feature was used in both encode and decode, now a special display has been created for 
decode. now when you use the decode you will see `The decode:`.


## New:
### Encrypt directory using threads:
In the previous versions, directory were encrypted without using **threads**, which made the file encryption process very slow.
Therefore, now the **maximum CPU capabilities** are used to encrypt the directory, which makes the speed increase significantly.

### Decrypt directory using threads:
In the previous versions, directory were decrypted without using **threads**, which made the file decryption process very slow.
Therefore, now the **maximum CPU capabilities** are used to decrypt the directory, which makes the speed increase significantly.

### Disable threads:
Added disable threads in the directory encryption and decryption, you can use: `--no-threads` to disable it.
Example: 
```sh
# for the encryption
$ xpm em end "./dir/to" --no-threads

# for the decryption
$ xpm em ded "./dir/to" --no-threads
```